I'm johnny Knoxville this is the jet ski
hello my name is johnny Knoxville i'm
jeff tremaine director jackass 3d escape
the buffalo herd and rollerskate the
buffalo herd the game to roller-skate in
the Buffalo describe my sense of style
is casual but elegant is that good
do she do she yeah typical douche I am
wearing my jackass Chuck Taylor converse
his mere sweater
jeans a shirt another shirt element sure
that funny that was gripping we can cut
around that
I really like Steve McQueen like he seem
to always be in a good flannel or just a
classically clothed dude and hot
I think Jeff style icon was Dom DeLuise
right pretty much he loves Dom DeLuise
if you're a fan of fashion and I know
you are you got to see jackass 3d
because the guys are in excellent shape
in this in the clothes fit them well
nice cuts I designed my own sailor
outfit jackass pretty much brought sexy
back for the male figure yeah
don't want to overstate it but yes
you